1.1 The deque module is part of which python library?

    Collections

1.2 What are the differences that distinguish a tree from a graph?

    A tree is like a family tree, where there is one main person at the top (the root).
    Everyone else is connected below in a neat branching patterns, like generations.
    In a graph, nodes represent individual elements and connections between the nodes.
    They have arbitary connections between them meaning you can connect any one to any other node, regardless of other connections.

1.3 Give the definitions of time complexity and space complexity

    Time complexity refers to how the running time of an algorithm changes as the amount of input data increases.
    It helps us understand how efficient an algorithm is.

    Space complexity refers to how much memory or storage space is needed by an algorithm as its input increases.

1.4 Describe the bubble sort algorithm and its complexity. What is guaranteed at the end of the first pass?

    Bubble sort is a sorting algorithm that compares ajacent elements in lists, if they are in the wrong orer the algorithm swaps them.
    The processs is repeated until the list in complete and in the correct order.
    Time complexity == O(n^2) where n is the number of items in the list.
    The largest element will be at the end and the shortest will be at the beginning.

1.5 Explain what LIFO and FIFO are and how each works in practice with a named data structure

    Both are common methods used to manage and process elements in data structures.
    They determine the order in which elements are accessed or removed from the data input.

    LIFO - Last in First Out:
            So, the last item to enter the inserted is the first one to be removed.
            An example of a LIFO would be a 'stack'.
            It can use push and pop operations to add an element to the top (push) and remove an element from the top (pop).


    FIFO - First in First Out:
            So, first in first out means that the first item inserted is the first one to be removed.
            An example of FIFO would be a queue that implements operations such as enqueue (adding an element to the rear) and dequeue (removing the element from the front).
            Much like a queue of people, the longer the item has been in queue the more likely it is to be removed next.


1.6 What is a Balanced Binary Tree and what would be the best root? Walkthrough how you search using this structure.
        A balanced binary tree is a binary tree that has relatively equal nodes on the left and right side.
        This means the tree will stay balanced and that the search process for a specific node or function in the tree will be much more efficient.
        The average Time complexity will be O(n log) because at each step of searching the number of remaining elements is approximately half of what it was before.

        The best root for a balanced binary tree is chosen based on a specific criteria, such as the median or middle value of a sorted list of values.

        I would search using this srtucture by:
       1. find the root node
       2. check if what you are searching for matches the current node
       3. if it is the same value you can stop searching
       4. if it is smaller than the value move left
       5. if it is larger than the value move right
       6. keep repeating steps 2-5 until it matches the value.
